* Directory Structure

bin:
  Prebuild binaries of tools used in the build process. These are
  essentially identical to the ones from the developer kit, with 
  modifications as described in alcyon/README. Sources of almost
  all of these tools are found in the alcyon directory.

include:
  Include files for the C compiler. Only a few of them are actually
  needed for TOS itself, most of them are only needed to build the
  tools.

lib:
  Prebuild libraries and startup files.

doc:
  Some unsorted documentation.

bios:
  Source of the BIOS part of TOS.

vdi:
  Source of the VDI part of TOS.

bdos:
  Source of the GEMDOS part of TOS.

aes:
  Source of the AES part of TOS.

desk:
  Source of the TOS desktop application.

common:
  Shared include files for the above components.

system:
  Source of some small Atari tools.

listings:
  Working versions of disassembler listings of various TOS versions.

alcyon:
  Source of the (modified) tools of the Alcyon
  C compiler & tools, as used to compile TOS.

alcyon/orig:
  Source of the tools of the Alcyon C compiler & tools, that compile to binary
  identical versions of the ones found in the developer kit.



- Assembler sources are written in a format that is accepted
  both by as68 and by the GNU assembler with the --mri option.
  If you have to use a different assembler, they might need
  conversion.

- All comments in assembly files are in C-style. The makefile
  preprocesses them before passing them to the assembler. This
  avoid problems with different types of comment delimiters in
  different assemblers, and also works around some bugs of
  the conditional assembly directives of as68. It also allows
  using the same files defining some key constants to be
  used for both assembler and C.

- Don't put comments after constants that are used in assembler
  expressions. Since it is a K&R preprocessor, the spaces between
  the constant and the comment will make it to the source, and
  the assembler does not like spaces in operands.

- Assembling the assembler sources in the bios directory with
  the original as68 from the developer kit will not work, mostly
  because it does not support abs.w addressing mode, but also due
  to numerous bugs. Either use the fixed version from the bin
  directory or try some other assembler.
